
Amateur translation of the Improved Garrisons 4.1.2.6 mod into Belarusian.

Аматарскі пераклад мода Improved Garrisons 4.1.2.6 на беларускую мову.

Мэта моду Improved Garrisons - паляпшэньне кіраваньня вашымі замкамі і селішчамі. Кожная вашая воласьць зможа выкарыстоўваць новыя прасунутыя функцыі, напрыклад, рэкрутаваньне, рыхтоўлю гарнізону і партыі варты, з палепшаным ШІ, для абароны вашай уласнасьці. Галоўныя прынцыпы: сумяшчальнасьць, зручнасьць і забеспячэньне збалансаванага досьведу гульні ў Bannerlord.

Standalone UI

    Configurate each Castle or Settlement individually
    Activate & Deactivate the mod as you wish. Ongoing campaign or new one doesn't matter!
    Manage your Improved Garrisons from everywhere on the map
    A compact overview of each of your fiefs. You have an overlook about which of your settlements, castles or villages are under attack, are destroyed or are in peace


Recruitment

    Recruit new troops automatically from nearby villages to your garrison
    Recruit prisoners automatically overtime
    Set a threshold to which the mod will recruit new troops. If the threshold is reached (like 100 default) no more units will be recruited to the garrision
    Create Recruiter parties
    Recruiters recruit troops from outside of the garrisons region (the fief and it's villages)
    Recruiters can be told to recruit troops of a specific culture
    Tell the recruiters how many troops to recruit
    Tell the recruiters to only recruit elite troops and they will collect your battanian archers for you!


Training

    Train garrisoned troops automatically
    Use a Template Manager to customize and apply your very own training template
    The Improved Garrison will automatically upgrade troops according to your training template
    Training templates are synchronized across all your saves
    Compose & train your next army as you wish in your garrisons
    Templates may be unique for each garrison. Use one to train an Empire army and another to train your Khuzait Bow Riders
    The Improved Garrison will automatically recruit all needed troops for your training template. Just select the type and number of units you want and wait for the recruitment and training to be finished


Custom AI

    Establish Guard parties out of your garrison troops
    Guard parties can be given different orders
    Guard parties defend your villages, castles and settlements
    You can order Guard parties to follow you into war. They help you siege and in your field battles
    Order Guard parties to defend clan parties like caravans or other companions parties
    Guard parties capture prisoners for you and even sell them
    Guard parties are self-sufficient. They refill with new troops from the garrison if you wish and heal themselves if wounded
    Guard parties buy horses from towns if you wish to gain additional movement speed
    Guard parties acquire loot from killed parties and sell it
    Guard parties are smart. They use their own special AI which thinks about stuff like "I should defend XY village", "I shouldn't attack XY party it is to fast or to strong", "I should go back to a settlement and heal my units", and much more!


Management

    View important stats for each of your fiefs like food stocks, gold income and prosperity
    View the garrison of each of your fiefs from anywhere on the map
    Transfer Garrison units from one Garrison to another
    Manage your town projects like adding/removing projects from anywhere on the map
    View your town projects progress and easily boost them by adding reserve
    View every upgrade and recruitment of your garrison in a activity log


Additional Features

    Set the mod values as you wish with an in game configuration menu
    Adjust many base game Garrison related settings
    Turn this mod for AI on/off (turn it on if you want a challenge. Try it!)
    Enable cheats related to your garrison like Garrison's don’t need food or disable the garrison costs
    And probably much more I forgot to mention or included in a new update (I don't always update this list)





Для кіраваньня вялікай колькасьцю модаў раю выкарыстоўваць Novus Launcher. Знайсьці загрузьнік льга па спасылцы https://www.nexusmods.com/mountandblade2bannerlord/mods/4924 .

Чарга загрузкі:

1. Native
2. SandBoxCore
3. Sandbox
4. StoryMode

5. Kingdom Politics Expanded

6. Belarusian Core
7. Belarusian Kingdom Politics Expanded
